Feat/java wrapper (#21)
smileidentity/smile-identity-core-java: README.md

String response = connection.get_job_status(partnerParameters.get(), null);
```

> ##### get_hosted_web_session method

Reviewer: As this is the first implementation of this feature I think we should take a moment to think about the naming . Is this what we want to call it? @camerondgray your thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Good call to stop and be thoughtful about this. My instinct would be to call it `get_web_token` and update the rest of the comments to be consistent around that. I am definitely open to other suggestions though.

Author: `get_web_token` makes more sense.

String response = connection.get_job_status(partnerParameters.get(), null);
```

##### get_web_token method

> This function provides a wrapper around a hosted web session; it returns a stringified JSONObject containing an active web token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function provides the token to be used for authentication when using our hosted web session; it returns a stringified JSONObject containing an active web token.
```
